Items from Other Papers: 

1. DataGen paper (ICLR 2025)
   1.a. diverse, accurate, and highly controllable datasets 
   1.b. attribute-guided generation module, gorup checking feature 
   1.c. RAG-based technique for factual verification 
   1.d. Challenges: (i) Generalization and Controllability, (ii) Diversity and Truthfulness 
   1.e. Diversity: diversity is obtained through  wide range of techniques: hyperparameter tuning, attributed-guided generation, group checking 
   1.f. Section 2 first paragraph  
   1.g. Self reflection and self enahncement for quality assesment and enhancement 
   1.h. Truthfulness validation by RAG 
   1.i. Group checking with similarity matrix 
   1.j. self-BLUE score for diversity 
   1.k. calculating entity overlap rate for knowledge richness 

2. FORGE paper (ICSE 2026)
   2.a. Challenges: manual process of dataset construction and absence of standardized classification 
   2.b. map-reduce paradigm 
   2.c. tree of thoughts 
   2.d. challenges of using audit reports: complexity of audit reports, complexity of CWE hierarchy, limitations of LLMs 
   2.e. Section 3.2: token length limitations of LLMs , chunking a text segment 
   2.f. Section 3.3: map reduce extractor 
   2.g. tree of though reasoning 
   2.h. fallback strategy 

3. COLM 2024 Paper 
   3.a. actor-critic approach to improve pre-trained language models 
   3.b. Perez et al. 2023 use LMs to generate datasets for evaluating the behavior of other LMs 
   3.c. Section 4 - challenges and limitations of synthetic data: synthetic data might cause amibuity in AI alignment and training with synthetic data maes evaluation decontamination harder 
   3.d. generative adversarial neyworks or diffusion models can control and manipulate specific attributes of the generated data 

4. Synthetic Data Generation (Romania Paper)
   4.a. Section 4.1 definition of synthetic data 
   4.b. Few shot prompting often yields higher quality task specific output 
   4.c. zero shot topic generation 
   4.d. iterative and feedback driven generation 
   4.e. critic or classifier to judge the quality of synthetic samples 
   4.f. RAG-base data augmentation to enhance faithfulness 
   4.i. implement execution feedback by filtering correct solutions and learning from failures 
   4.k. Distinct-n, self-BLEU, perplexity, and distributional simialrity to real data
   4.l. page-18: Synthetic multimodel data can be used to pretrain and fine tune models for cross-modal retrieval, captioning, audio transcription, and other tasks where real data is carce or expensive to annotate. 
